applications: nrf_desktop: enable zms for nrf54h20 DK target (#18924)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Desktop
-----------

> * Updated all :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` configurations to migrate from the NVS file system to the ZMS file system.

Reviewer: A brief update of the nRF Desktop's Settings loader module page (https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/applications/nrf_desktop/doc/settings_loader.html) might be needed too

> * Updated the `nrf_desktop_settings_loader` to make the :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` the default file system for all board targets that use the MRAM technology.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the :ref:`nrf_desktop_settings_loader` to make the :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` the default file system for all board targets that use the MRAM technology.
```

> * Updated the `nrf_desktop_settings_loader` to make the :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` the default file system for all board targets that use the MRAM technology.
>   As a result, all :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` configurations were migrated from the NVS file system to the ZMS file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the :ref:`nrf_desktop_settings_loader` to make the :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` the default settings backend for all board targets that use the MRAM technology.
  As a result, all :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` configurations were migrated from the NVS settings backend to the ZMS settings backend.
```
